Update Trace specification to use W3C Trace Context Level 2; add Random flag (#3924)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

`TraceFlags` contain details about the trace. Unlike TraceState values,

> TraceFlags are present in all traces. The current version of the specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TraceFlags are present in all traces. The Level 2 version of the W3C TraceContext specification
```

supports two flags:

- [Sampled](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/#sampled-flag)
- [Random](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context-2/#random-trace-id-flag)

`TraceState` carries vendor-specific trace identification data, represented as a list

> of key-value pairs. TraceState allows multiple tracing

Reviewer: It will be good to update the tracestate link in this paragraph to point to the Level 2 description: https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context-2/#tracestate-header

Author: I've updated all the W3C links to refer to level2, which I think is appropriate.
